Fix these issues. 

⚠️ CRITICAL: Do NOT delete, overwrite, or reset any existing live data — 
heroes, maps, image URLs, template config, everything on the live site 
must remain exactly as-is after these fixes. This includes all existing 
image URLs already saved in hero records. If a hero already has an image 
URL, it must still be there after the fix — do not clear it, do not 
replace it unless the user explicitly uploads a new image for that hero.

FIX 1 — 413 error + lag: images stored as base64 instead of URLs
Templates are saving map and hero images as raw base64 strings directly 
in the database. This causes:
  • 413 "request entity too large" when saving
  • Extreme lag when loading the template editor

Fix this properly:
  1. When a user uploads an image (map or hero), upload it to object 
     storage and save only the returned URL — never store base64 in 
     the database
  2. For ALL existing records that currently have base64 values in their 
     image fields, migrate them: upload each base64 image to object 
     storage, replace the database value with the returned URL
  3. After migration, verify all existing images still display correctly
  4. The migration must be non-destructive — if any upload fails, keep 
     the original base64 value for that record and log the error

FIX 2 — Media Library: allow uploading multiple images at once
Currently the upload button only allows selecting 1 file at a time.
Change the file input to accept multiple files: 
<input type="file" multiple accept="image/*" />
When multiple files are selected, upload them all and show a progress 
indicator. All uploaded images must appear in the library when done.

FIX 3 — Heroes tab: add upload UI without touching existing data
In Game Templates → Edit Template → Heroes, the Image URL column is 
currently a plain text input.

⚠️ Every hero that already has an image URL must keep that URL — do NOT 
clear or reset any existing image field values. The goal is to ADD a 
better UI on top of the existing field, not replace the data.

Replace the plain text input with this layout per hero row:
  • A small image preview thumbnail (32×32px) shown if an image exists
  • An "Upload" button — on upload, store via object storage and 
    populate the URL field with the returned URL
  • A "Library" button — on pick, populate the URL field with the 
    selected image URL
  • Keep the text input VISIBLE so the user can manually paste a URL
  • If a URL is pasted manually, show its preview immediately
  • Uploading or picking from library only REPLACES the value if the 
    user actively does so — never auto-clear the existing value

FIX 4 — Rename toggle + add clear explanations in Hero Ban Systems
Rename the "Bans Accumulate" toggle to "Bans Persist Across Rounds".

Add helper text next to it:
"When enabled, any hero banned in a round stays banned for the entire 
match — bans are permanent and carry across all rounds. When disabled, 
each round starts fresh with no active bans."

Add helper text next to "Bans Target Enemy":
"When enabled, each team's bans remove heroes from the opponent's hero 
pool only. When disabled, bans remove the hero from both teams' pools."

Stop after all fixes. Report what was changed and how many image records 
were migrated from base64 to URLs.
